Today we will talk about the IIC Lord Max
Protect plan. Max
Protect is a new office where
you are given unlimited coverage, that too
at an affordable premium. There are some features here like
you have the option of unlimited coverage, higher
sum assured options and worldwide
coverage without any copayment. So we will see
in the plan details of IIC Lord Max
Protect what is covered in it, what are the
features, what is the sum assured, what is the
eligibility criteria and finally we will
also see the premium. Before starting the video,
I would like to introduce myself.
My name is Gurleen Taku. I
am a Certified Financial Planner. I have been associated
with the insurance industry for the last 18 years
and every week I bring videos for you so that
your personal
financial life and insurance buying
journey can become easy and happy because the
tagline of our company is also 'Creating a
Wealth of Happiness'. A quick reminder
before starting the video, if
you have not yet subscribed to our channel, do so so that you get
the right
information at the  Right now let's move on to the
video of ICSA Lombard Max
Protect Plan. So before starting the video,
we will see the claim
settlement ratio and incurr claim ratio of ICSA Lombard. The
claim settlement ratio is 88.59 and the
incurr claim ratio is 91.6.7. This data
is of 2122. The data of 2223 is not available right now. It
comes at the end of December. When it comes, we will
make a detailed video on that as well.
First, let us know what are the
unique features of this plan. First,
worldwide coverage is available here without any
copayment. If you want to take global coverage outside India as well, it
is available without
any copayment. There are two variants - Classic and
Premium. Worldwide coverage
is available in premium. Second, the cumulated bonus is
guaranteed. The bonus you get is
guaranteed. If a claim comes in the future, it does
not reduce.
You are given a bonus ranging from 20% to 100%. We will
see it in detail later. The third unique feature
is that higher  Sum insured options
are available, meaning an option of up to Rs 10 crore is also available
if you want to take health insurance.
And in this, the option of unlimited sum insured has also been
introduced. Unlimited means
whatever the bill comes, the insurance company will pay for it.
So there is no limit.
You can claim any amount.
You can also choose the unlimited option. Now let's talk about the
eligibility criteria. The
minimum sum insured available is Rs 50 lakh. The sum
insured options are Rs 50 lakh, Rs 1 crore, Rs 3 crore, Rs 5
crore and Rs 10 crore. Along with that, unlimited
option is also available. You can claim as much as you want. There is
no limit. The
minimum entry age is 18 years for adults
and the maximum is 65 in family floater
policies and the dependent age is considered to be 25
years. If you are taking an individual policy, then you
can take it even from the age of 6 years. So, the
minimum entry age is  For individuals, the
room eligibility becomes six years.
You can take any room except sweet category. You can take any room category.
Actual pay will be made on the age. Guaranteed
cumulative bonus. You will be given a no-claim
bonus of 20%. If you do not make any claim,
your sum assured will increase by 20%.
Maximum, it will go up to 100% and will
not be reduced. If you make a claim in the future,
once your policy increases to 100% and
doubles, the sum assured will
not be reduced. In case of future claims,
we are currently talking about the features that are
common in both the Classic and Premium plans.
I will tell you about the differences later.
Emergency road ambulance is covered
up to ₹1000000 per hospitalization in your
policy. Now let's talk about the refill benefit. The
refill benefit has been made unlimited here.
You
can avail it for any illness. Your base sum assured has been
exhausted.  You can get the base sum assured refilled again. If it gets
over, you can get it done again. There is
no restriction on anything. Your day care treatment is covered
up to sum. Short domestic treatment is also covered
up to sum. AYUSH hospitalization which is
Ayurvedic, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy, there are
hospitals for this too. If you get
hospitalization done here, that is also covered
up to sum. Your modern treatments are
covered up to sum. But
maximum you will be given only Rs 1 crore in the policy.
In case of modern treatment, pre and post
hospitalization expenses, that is, the
expenses incurred before going to the hospital, after 60 days, the
expenses of 180 days will be
reimbursed to you. Related to the same illness
for which you are hospitalized. E-
consultation: You can do e-consultation unlimited number of times
in your policy
through iL Tech Care app. Your bariatric surgery
is covered up to sum assured. There is
no restriction on bariatric surgery. Now let's talk about bariatric is weight loss surgery. There are
some differences between both the variants,
which are some  Things are
covered in the premium, some are covered in the classic, let's
talk about that, your home care
treatment is covered, it is
not covered in the classic plan, it is covered in the premium
up to ₹1 lakh, so home care is different from
OPD home care, if
you want any hospitalization at home voluntary,
like chemotherapy, dialysis, then
you will be covered up to ₹1 lakh at home as well, world
wide coverage is available in this policy, it is
not available in classic, it is available in premium,
so world wide coverage is up to sum
assured, the maximum that will be given is ₹
crore, in case of world wide coverage, claim
protector is available, due to which your non-
payable items are included, claim
protector is not available in classic, it
is premium, if you want claim protector, like
non-payable consumable items cover, then
you will have to take a premium plan, there is
no rider available that can be added in classic, it
is not available in classic, claim
protector preventive health checkup is available in premium
Prevent Health checkup is
not available in Compliant It
is available only in Premium Up to Rs. 10,000 in a
year Emergency Air Ambulance again
is not available in Classic It is available in Premium
So you can see that Premium is a
slightly higher variant More things are
covered in it So as per your requirement you
can choose what you want
Next is room category change If you do
not want any room, you want a
single private AC room Then your
premium gets discounted But this
option is only available in Classic You
can downgrade to any room category in Classic and you will get some discounts You
can downgrade to single
private AC room Some other things OPD cover
OPD cover is not available No other rider is also available in this plan
Deductible option Deductible option is also
not available Co-payment
is zonal copayment You will be
charged copayment as per your zone If you are going to take treatment from lower zone to higher zone then
copayment charge will be charged Next we will discuss the zones  We will also talk about
waiting periods. Now let's talk about what is
not covered. What are the
waiting periods in your policy. So the
initial waiting period which is standard is
30 days. The
waiting period for specific exclusions is 2 years. The
waiting period for bariatric surgery
is 3 years. Pre-existing condition.
If you have any pre-existing condition, then
its waiting period is four
years. However, you can reduce it.
Riders are available that can reduce PD
by two years. By paying additional premium, you
can cover your pre-existing disease in two years instead of four. Let's talk about
zones. So the zones are divided into zones A, B, CD.
Zone A includes Delhi, Mumbai,
NCR, A, Zone B includes Pune,
Kolkata, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh, Goa and the
rest of the list is on the screen in front of you.
Gujarat excluding Ahmedabad and Surat, Zone
C comes. Rest of India and Zone D.
Rest of NCR. Whatever is not covered above is the
rest of NCR, Zone D.
If you are going to a higher zone, then the co-
payment is also mentioned as to how much co-
payment will be required. If you are going to a higher zone, then
you can choose as per your convenience. If
you are in a lower zone, then keep in mind that co-
payment may be required if you are taking treatment in a higher zone.
So now in the end,
I will share with you the actual premium
of this policy.
So here I have taken the age group 45, 40,
18 and 12 years, family of four, 2 P2. And
here I will share the premium with you for
both the Classic and Premium plans. You
can check it. And this is the premium I have
taken for Jan 1, Delhi. So you
can calculate the premium as per your convenience
and see whether Classic
is suitable for you or Premium plan is suitable for you
or not. You can do your due
diligence and buy the policy.
So this was from my side. If you have
any questions about ICI Lord Max Protect,
you can ask in the comment section below
or reach out.
Our team is on the given
so that you get the right information at the
right time. Thank you so much for watching our
videos. We will meet again in a new video
with a new topic. Till then stay safe and take
care. Bye Bye.